Read the following story. On a scale of 0(poor) to 3(excellent), does the story make sophisticated use of idiom or metaphor or literary allusion? Write your answer as Reasoning: Score: 
Read the following story. On a scale of 0(poor) to 3(excellent), how good is the language proficiency and the use of literary devices? Write your answer as Reasoning: Score:
Read the following story. On a scale of 0(poor) to 3(excellent), how good is the language proficiency and the use of literary devices? You must explain your rating before revealing the number. Write your answer as Reasoning: Score:
Read the following story. On a scale of 0(poor) to 3(excellent), does the story make sophisticated use of idiom or metaphor or literary allusion? You must explain your rating before revealing the number. Write your answer as Reasoning: Score:
Read the following story. Rate out of 10 how good the language proficiency and the use of literary devices is using the following rubric. 10: Among the best 5%. Exceptionally fluent and imaginative use of idioms, metaphors, and/or literary allusion that adds symbolic or thematic depth. 7: Above average. Clear evidence of literary devices used with skill and originality. 5: Average. Some use of figurative language, but not especially sophisticated or impactful. 3: Below average. Minimal or awkward use of idiom/metaphor or basic, literal writing with little literary technique. 1: Among the worst 5%. No meaningful use of figurative language; writing is flat, literal, or clumsy. Write your answer as Reasoning: Score:
Read the following story. Rate out of 10 whether the story makes sophisticated use of idiom or metaphor or literary allusion, using the following rubric. 10: Among the best 5%. Exceptionally fluent and imaginative use of idioms, metaphors, and/or literary allusion that adds symbolic or thematic depth. 7: Above average. Clear evidence of literary devices used with skill and originality. 5: Average. Some use of figurative language, but not especially sophisticated or impactful. 3: Below average. Minimal or awkward use of idiom/metaphor or basic, literal writing with little literary technique. 1: Among the worst 5%. No meaningful use of figurative language; writing is flat, literal, or clumsy. Write your answer as Reasoning: Score:
